data_centre/headlines.atom www.theregister.co.uk
*** The Register - Data Centre ***
OASIS: Refreshment for dehydrated secondary storage users?
EMC animates franken-cloud with bits of itself, VMware, VCE and Virtustream
Microsoft's top lawyer: I have a cunning plan ... to rescue sunk safe harbor agreement
Microsoft cuddles cloudy content with CDN deal
NEC chasing global deal for app-specific Oracle DB appliance bundles
VMware considered de-composing NSX into discrete products
We SC what you did there, Mikey: Dell emits top-end array, hyper-converged boxes
Not quite Facebook but need scale? Dell has a DSS server for you
Solidfire enters ninth circle of Dell, emerges clutching new blueprints
SanDisk, we could make sweet flash music together, whispers WD
About that IBM hardware revenues dive: Blame storage, says CFO
Microsoft Azure now goes with Google's Go
Lotus F1: 38°C? Sand in your Vblocks? Must be building a data center in Bahrain again
VMware adopts cloud-first-for-new-features vSphere update plan
Microsoft flicks switch for three Azure bit barns in India
Your one-minute guide to IBM's financial future – or just imagine a skier tumbling down a slope
Temperature of Hell drops a few degrees – Microsoft emits SSH-for-Windows source code
Some like it hot ... very hot: How to use heat to your advantage in your data center
BBC shuts off iPlayer to UK VPNs, cutting access to overseas fans
US senators lean on ICANN, tell it to quit squirming and open up
Of OpenStack and Cloud Orchestrator
'Blood on the carpet' ahead for outsourcers, says analyst research
Spectra Logic: You can't, er, stick to tape forever
China finally says yes to WD-HGST union
HP Cloud 28+ guru: 1,000 users in 6 months? Piece of cake
Dell-EMC deal could be a game-changer for mobile networks, too
You know what storage needs? More doughnuts to flatten us up
Boffins' twisted enlightenment embiggens fibre
Standards body wants standards for IoT. Vendors don't care
Job alert: Is this the toughest sysadmin role on Earth? And are you badass enough to do it?
Spectra's BlackPearl: Sailing through oceans of data just got easier
Red Hat buys Ansible for DevOps loveliness
Down and out? Rimini's Oracle slap spells trouble – for Oracle
EMC customers show distinct lack of Dell delight – research
HMRC U-turns on VAT rules for cloud
Dell buying EMC: Is this the end times, or the road to salvation?
$65m write-down, ARM chips ship: A 90-second guide to Planet AMD
All in the name of Liberty: OpenStack 12 set free!
Après le Dell-uge, VMware is still partnership material
Malware, restoring data: What keeps data center techies up all night
Connected Data gobbled for $7.5m? More like an $80m funding round
Where will storage go over the next 15 years? We rub our crystal ball
Seagate sales droop: It was a nearline miss, says CEO
EMC-Dell dynamic duo: Mike's my ‘brother from another mother’ – Tucci
Dell-EMC merger could leave Lenovo out in the cold – analysts
Let's check out Dell, doom and the competition
EMC traditional storage decline accelerating
How do you create an SLA and status page for the whole internet? Meet IANA: Keepers of DNS
Walmart to open-source its cloud-hopping code
Cisco shipped UCS servers with rotten RAID settings1 
